f) After installation of a Financial Educational Center, Northampton Community
College, Monroe Campus shall take no action to cause it to fail to comply with
any applicable federal, state or local law, ordinance, rule and regulation,
including, without limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act.

g) Subject to the terms of Section 7, Northampton Community College, Monroe
Campus may promote to its students and staff Credit Union and the existence of
each Financial Educational Center in such manner and time as Northampton
Community College, Monroe Campus may in its sole discretion determine.
Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus is specifically authorized and
encouraged to do the following: (i) distribute brochures (prepared and provided
by Credit Union at its sole cost and expense) to Northampton Community College,
Monroe Campus students and staff, (ii) make Financial Educational Center
specific advertisements, and (iii) conduct similar promotions.

h) If Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus mails orientation material to
incoming students prior to their arrival on campus for orientation, Northampton
Community College, Monroe Campus will work with the Credit Union to facilitate
insertion of marketing brochures and application materials in the orientation
package that is mailed to each incoming student. These materials will be
prepared and provided by Credit Union at its sole cost and expense.

Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus agrees that Credit Union will
have an active role in the orientation process that occurs on campus, and will be
afforded ample opportunity for such.

An Active role is defined and can include, but is not limited to the following:

e The opportunity to address the students and students? families during the
orientation process;

e The opportunity to work with the student orientation leaders to include the
Credit Union and Financial Educational Center in the tour and educational
presentation to the students; and

e Marketing Materials to promote the Credit Union and Financial Educational
Center in any package the student receives upon arriving at orientation.

i) Northampton Community College, Monroe Campus will permit Credit Union to
conduct membership drives for students and for their families. Strategies used
by Credit Union for membership drives can include but are not limited to the
following:

e Promotional items such as gas cards or bookstore certificates given in
exchange for opening an account;

e Drawings for students or staff that open an account during a membership
drive;

e Presentations to campus clubs and organizations which may include a

monetary reward to said club or organization for account sign ups; and

Page 5 of 18
5
